we all take us everywhere and now one
foldable wheel is making headlines as it
allows the wheelchair users to travel
with a great peace of mind telling us
more is wheelchair bodybuilder and
disabilities advocate Nick Scott good
morning Nick are you
well I feel a little overdressed I think
I should have wore my black tank top I
know we should have a pose down girl I
think you would have liked clearly so
tell us about the new morph wheels by
Nanak yeah basically it's like
everybody's wanting what does it do it
does this oh great formers in a wheel
chair
yeah it's very simple and it's very
convenient for people to take it you
know take it anywhere okay yeah and
basically it was a concept from a
photobooth bicycle wheel and it was
designed by Duncan Fitzsimmons and he
was a college graduate over in London
now sematic the largest manufacturer of
AIDS for daylian products in the United
States they teamed up with Duncan and
after a three-year project
oh-hoh the first ever portable
wheelchair will this is incredible so
how does it work
basically the whole point is that this
it takes it easy to go in the convene of
the plane okay where's you said this
have to go on the belly a plane and the
whiskey damage oh wow and it can fit in
a bar because it because it crosses like
that that isn't it makes it very simple
super easy for travel too is like
anybody can take this in their trunk
okay where your limit out of space space
is critical especially with families and
stuff and for travel to take it on cabs
as well as anywhere you go because this
a lot easier Tetris in than this Tetris
in yep exactly and it's very simple
because it how it works is up when it's
actually engaged it's perfectly round
okay and it won't just you know fold on
you when you're pushing because when the
when the axles in it acts like a safety
mechanism and it doesn't just unfold on
solid that's right even now Hercules
myself can do it but basically just
excellent when it comes out it
disengages that's what releases it you
see this little Pacman mouth right here
you think this blue leverage and you
match it you take this alumina spoke you
go up and down like so okay and then
it's ready so how hard is it put your
hand right here okay push it down oh my
god you tell me super light exactly
light weight
yeah and how you open it you're holding
at three a night you blew it apart
you want to look awesome or hot you hold
it like this Rambo but it's like hot
right exactly it's like is it hard to
actually open yeah you can open it with
one hand so it makes it very easy and
convenient to do just that now I know a
lot of people are saying where can I get
one of these we can get morph wheels
dot-com okay and this is won some awards
recently yes it actually won the Metra's
springs of asia war in the United States
as well as the London Design Award and
of the year amazing orange office up
biceps there Nick look at boom baby
stepping g9jro seriously I can't keep up
with the guy for more info all you need
to do head to our website the DVC calm
and click on the daily links tab